All right, so sometimes you're going to want to compare numbers in your scripts can actually do some
simple math, so it's sometimes useful to check if the number meets a certain condition.
I'm actually going to write these out on the command line because you remember all these commands you
put in your scripts.
You can actually just run these right on the command line.
So I'm going to show you this.
'if [[ 1 -gt 0 ]]'
'then; echo greater than'
'fi'
So I'm doing this all on one line and then I'm using these semicolons to break up the statements, so
that's just the easy way to do it.
If you're if you want to just try this out on the command line.
So you could also just paste this right into your script if you wanted it on one line.
But once it's in the script, it's easier, I think, to read it if it's on multiple lines there and
you can also do the same for less than...change that.
Less than
less than.
So that was true.
You can do greater than or equals.
'-ge' greater than or equal to--so that's a nice way you can just test things out and see if they work.